hey martin here in this video
I want you a few times just a few
give tips on what you were at the blood test
In any case, you should look for ours
and according to my experience so
In principle, depending on the health insurance by
normal case is you every two years
a blood test has big blood picture and has in the
principle already all essentials 3
now you can almost book yes
Add book as much as you book
do you want a mineral substance
make profiles you can do a complete
make amino acid profile you can do one
heavy metal investigation do what
you can again to all sorts
things on all sorts of things
to be examined
in my opinion, for example
an amino acid profile examination
wasted money
but that only a personal opinion yes
if you have a big blood picture now
yes, then I have really easy
big difference experienced so bear
which as big differences but certain
Differences between certain doctors yes
is obviously clear in
different people and not everyone
turns so clever that is
Look, that your doctor really looks there
can bring out a lot for you so yes
have the space in the sense
that you can then settle on the
What kind of cash on what
can make a cash benefit so i have
now here, for example , one time
mineral profile profile available
Can you get a sodium potassium calcium
magnesium copper iron zinc phosphate
lithium stuffs stuff like that
to get a check up
sometimes very interesting what I was
I think is particularly important at
a blood test so I'm the first
whole thyroid history the
should participate in the standard blood test
its then of course I say
the
this hba1c so these diabetics
Indicator value I find interesting
triglyceride cholesterol such things
are also very interesting
and now comes the extra stuff
which I would value
Now what will that be ?
iron iron is in my opinion if
her really a healthy vegan hey cup
history makes no problem so that
In any case, the experience we have
have made
At pudding vegans see the whole thing
certainly different
Now let's take a look at the things
you would almost have to book that is
She is going to the doctor now
agreed for a blood sample and
says I need that and that
and that would be on one side now
the vitamin d3 and in principle is
vitamin d is a hormone in principle
a hormone and it is a fat-soluble
it was not water-soluble
that means also at this point
wink to the whole fans of extreme
high dosages for the vitamin d
pay attention to people I'm not a fan of
these high dosages because it is in
principle a hormone and it is
fat-soluble with water-soluble
stories comes the body much better
clear at overdose he can
maybe lead out
Vitamin D is just a critical one
thing and there we have to pay attention
the second point is for me the
vitamin b12 that means these things
you should book and the cost
you vitamin d costs about 30 euros
and at vitamin b12 if you are now
almost the program makes or the package
do what we recommend to you now if
are say another 30 to 60 euros
again at the end of 60 to 100
but euro is here all a two years
I think you should like that in the
all is going to be around at b12 he is too
you let that examine
then you can once the the serum
value determines what's in the blood
is and as we also recommend the mms sms
be that this methylonic acid
because only the value of the blood
Present does not say anything about it
with both values you have a lot
very good indicator and it was with us
so now I have just that
Values ​​are that the b12 value in
serum was low and alonso with him
value high that has with our name
low as twelve games and low
Twelve play serum is clearly speaking
he too, but now it is so that
neither of us this result
has surprised and I think that will
even with someone who lives exactly like that or
at a vegan after five or white
I do not look different for how many years
Of course it's clear because if you are
now eat normally again will will
you also slip into the normal field but
they are low values and I'll say it
also in this place it insistently
is our opinion b12 should you
you will simply be supplemented
Also my recommendation below purely
or in principle you are then
even by yes I have it
in between, again briefly mentioned
all those thyroid glands the
can namely a lot of problems
cause
and you should not do it that way
smoothly pass over easily
That means that I would be mine
have an eye on it and otherwise
vitamin d and vitamin b12
then I do not want to continue
squabble hopes that has you again
what brought such a mineral profile
but amino acid profile heavy metal
I would not make history except
I may have some old ones
tooth yet still movie had with
That's what most of our young people do
no longer concerned or I have
really massive problems where to say
okay, I just have to take a step
go ahead and see if there somehow
the worm in it
it is yes if you say hey that is
somehow
which probably is not something
no standard story would be then
I consider these stories in consideration
I thank you for watching people until
That's what makes it good if you still have it
have questions let us know it writes
down us